[master < add-export-csv-query-procedure] Add `export_util.csv_query()` procedure docs (#761)
memgraph/docs: mage/query-modules/python/export-util.md

</Tabs>

### `csv_query(query, file_path, stream)`

#### Input:

* `query: string` ➡ A query from which the results will be saved to a CSV file.

> * `file_path: string (default="")` ➡ A query from which the results will be saved to a CSV file.

Reviewer: It's the same as the above?

> * `stream: bool (default=False)` ➡ A value which determines whether the a stream of query results in a CSV format will be returned.

Reviewer: Something is wrong here

#### Output:

> * `file_path: string` ➡ A path to the CSV file where the query results are exported. If `file_path` was not provided, it will be an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `file_path: string` ➡ A path to the CSV file where the query results are exported. If `file_path` was not provided, the output will be an empty string.
```

(WillByers)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(SteveHarrington)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(MaxMayfield)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(RobinBuckley)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(EricaSinclair)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings);
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="input_csv">

The image below shows the above data as a graph:

<img src={require('../../data/query-modules/python/export-util/export-util-csv-1.png').default}/>
    
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="run_csv">

If you're using **Memgraph with Docker**, the following Cypher query will
export the database to the `export.csv` file in the
`/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules` directory inside the running Docker container.

```cypher
WITH "MATCH path = (c:Character)-[:ACTED_IN]->(tvshow) RETURN c.name AS name, c.portrayed_by AS portrayed_by, tvshow.title AS title, tvshow.released AS released, tvshow.program_creators AS program_creators" AS query
CALL export_util.csv_query(query, "/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules/export.csv", True)
YIELD file_path, data
RETURN file_path, data;
```

> If you're using **Memgraph on Ubuntu, Debian, RPM package or WSL**, then the
> following Cypher query will export the database to the `export.csv` file in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using **Memgraph on Ubuntu, Debian, RPM package or WSL**, the
following Cypher query will export the database to the `export.csv` file in the
```

Author: But how did I not do it 😂  It's haunting me. P.S. read the comment I left in the PR description. kk bye

Reviewer: Hm! We could! :) But I can do it so you don't have to worry if you don't have time tomorrow... just write me a changelog msg here, thank you

Author: With the `export_util.csv_query()` procedure, you can export query results to a CSV file or as a stream.

CREATE (MaxMayfield:Character {name:'Max Mayfield', portrayed_by:'Sadie Sink'})
CREATE (RobinBuckley:Character {name:'Robin Buckley', portrayed_by:'Maya Hawke'})
CREATE (EricaSinclair:Character {name:'Erica Sinclair', portrayed_by:'Priah Ferguson'})
CREATE
(Eleven)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(JoyceByers)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(JimHopper)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(MikeWheeler)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(DustinHenderson)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(LucasSinclair)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(NancyWheeler)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(JonathanByers)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(WillByers)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(SteveHarrington)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[1, 2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(MaxMayfield)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(RobinBuckley)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings),
(EricaSinclair)-[:ACTED_IN {seasons:[2, 3, 4]}]->(StrangerThings);
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="input_csv">

> Below you can see how the data looks like after you created the nodes and relationships:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image below shows the above data as a graph:```

<img src={require('../../data/query-modules/python/export-util/export-util-csv-1.png').default}/>
    
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="run_csv">

> If you're using **Memgraph with Docker**, then the following Cypher query will
> export the database to the `export.csv` file in the
> `/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules` directory inside the running Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using **Memgraph with Docker**,  the following Cypher query will
export the database to the `export.csv` file in the
`/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules` directory inside the running Docker container.
```

```cypher
WITH "MATCH path = (c:Character)-[:ACTED_IN]->(tvshow) RETURN c.name AS name, c.portrayed_by AS portrayed_by, tvshow.title AS title, tvshow.released AS released, tvshow.program_creators AS program_creators" AS query
CALL export_util.csv_query(query, "/usr/lib/memgraph/query_modules/export.csv", True)
YIELD file_path, data
RETURN file_path, data;
```

> If you're using **Memgraph on Ubuntu, Debian, RPM package or WSL**, then the
> following Cypher query will export the database to the `export.csv` file in the
> `/users/my_user/export_folder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using **Memgraph on Ubuntu, Debian, RPM package or WSL**, the
following Cypher query will export the database to the `export.csv` file in the
`/users/my_user/export_folder`.
```

```cypher
WITH "MATCH path = (c:Character)-[:ACTED_IN]->(tvshow) RETURN c.name AS name, c.portrayed_by AS portrayed_by, tvshow.title AS title, tvshow.released AS released, tvshow.program_creators AS program_creators" AS query
CALL export_util.csv_query(query, "/users/my_user/export_folder/export.csv", True)
YIELD file_path, data
RETURN file_path, data;
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="result_csv">

> Here is the output `export.csv` will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output in the `export.csv` file looks like this:
```
